DOC: document supported additional arguments to `yt.load` (#256)
neutrinoceros/yt_idefix: README.md

Now `yt.load` will be able to read Pluto/Idefix output files.

### Additional arguments to `yt.load`
The metadata are parsed from data file, definitions header file and inifile when loading dataset.

> Definitions header file (`definitions.h` for Pluto, or `definitions.hpp` for Idefix) and inifile (`pluto.ini` and `idefix.ini` respectively) are discovered automatically if they match default names, and are located along with data files. Otherwise, they can be specified explicitly as paths (either relative to data files or absolute paths) with parameters `definitions_header` and `inifile` respectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Definitions header file (`definitions.h` for Pluto, or `definitions.hpp` for Idefix) and inifile (`pluto.ini` and `idefix.ini` respectively) are discovered automatically if they match default names, are located along with data files, and unique. Otherwise, they can be specified explicitly as paths (either relative to data files or absolute paths) with parameters `definitions_header` and `inifile` respectively.
```

Geometry is parsed automatically whenever possible, but as a last resort, it can also be specified as a keyword argument (possible values are "cartesian", "spherical", "cylindrical" and "polar").

```python
# Examples
ds = yt.load("data.0010.vtk", definitions_header="../definitions.h", inifile="example.ini")
ds = yt.load("data.0010.vtk", geometry='spherical")
```

The data are loaded as physical quantities with units. The default unit system is `cgs` in yt. This frontend can convert data from code units into `cgs` properly, based on the unit definitions from metadata.

Users are able to choose the unit displayed in two ways, through `unit_system` ("code", "mks" and "cgs") and `units_override`(only valid for Pluto).

```python
# Examples on units
ds = yt.load("data.0010.vtk", unit_system='mks")

units_override = dict(length_unit=(100.0, "au"), mass_unit=yt.units.mass_sun)
ds = yt.load("data.0010.vtk", unit_override=unit_override) # Caution that other units will also be changed for consistency!!
```
With Pluto data, the rest of the system will be derived consistently with given units, within the following rules:

> 1. Temperature unit is not allowed to be overrided (always in "K")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Temperature unit cannot be overridden (always set to Kelvin)
```

> 2. No more than three units are overrided at once.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. No more than three units can be overridden at once (overconstrained systems are never validated for simplicity)
```

> 3. When given less than three overrided units, base units in Pluto (ordered: velocity_unit, density_unit, length_unit) will be used for derivation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. When given less than three overrides, base units in Pluto (ordered: velocity_unit, density_unit, length_unit) are assumed
```

> 4. Following combinations are not allowed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. The following combinations are not allowed
```

Now `yt.load` will be able to read Pluto/Idefix output files.

> ### Dataset's Metadata

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Additional arguments to `yt.load`
```

> The metadata is automaticly parsed from data file, definitions header file and inifile when loading dataset.

Reviewer: Since auto-discovery for inifile and definitions header may not succeed, let's rephrase this
```suggestion
The metadata is parsed from data file, definitions header file and inifile when loading dataset.
```

> definitions header file (`definitions.h` for Pluto, or `definitions.hpp` for Idefix) and inifile (`.ini` file) are assumed to be along with data file. Their paths can also be specified explicitly with paramerters `definitions_header` and `inifile`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Definitions header file (`definitions.h` for Pluto, or `definitions.hpp` for Idefix) and inifile (`pluto.ini` and `idefix.ini` respectively) are discovered automatically if they match default names, and are located along with data files. Otherwise, they can be specified explicitly as paths (either relative to data files or absolute paths) with parameters `definitions_header` and `inifile` respectively.
```

> Besides, the geometry of dataset can be given by `geometry` parameter ("cartesian", "spherical", "cylindrical" and "polar")  when it cannot be parsed from file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Geometry is parsed automatically whenever possible, but as a last resort, it can also be specified as a keyword argument (possible values are "cartesian", "spherical", "cylindrical" and "polar").
```

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```python
```

# Examples
ds = yt.load("data.0010.vtk", definitions_header="../definitions.h", inifile="example.ini")
ds = yt.load("data.0010.vtk", geometry='spherical")

> ```
> ### Unit System

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

### Unit System
```

> The data are loaded as physical quantities with units. The default unit system is `cgs` in yt. This frontend can convert data from code units into `cgs` properly, based on the unit definitions from metadata.

Reviewer: I don't have a personal preference between singular and plural form for "data", but we should be consistent about which is used. You used "the metadata is" earlier, and "data are" here.

Author: Ah let's use plural form!

> Users are able to choose the unit displayed in two ways, through `unit_system`("code", "mks" and "cgs") and `unit_override`(only valid for Pluto).

Reviewer: Careful, the name of the parameters is `units_override`, not `unit_override`
```suggestion
Users are able to choose the unit displayed in two ways, through `unit_system` ("code", "mks" and "cgs") and `units_override` (only valid for Pluto).
```

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```python
```

# Examples on units
ds = yt.load("data.0010.vtk", unit_system='mks")

units_override = dict(length_unit=(100.0, "au"), mass_unit=yt.units.mass_sun)
ds = yt.load("data.0010.vtk", unit_override=unit_override) # Caution that other units will also be changed for consistency!!
```

> Others units in the system will be consistently derived through given overided units, so there are some rules to override units:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With Pluto data, the rest of the system will be derived consistently with given units, within the following rules:
```

1. Temperature unit is not allowed to be overrided (always in "K")
2. No more than three units are overrided at once.
3. When given less than three overrided units, base units in Pluto (ordered: velocity_unit, density_unit, length_unit) will be used for derivation
4. Following combinations are not allowed

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```python
```

{"magnetic_unit", "velocity_unit", "density_unit"},
{"velocity_unit", "time_unit", "length_unit"},
{"density_unit", "length_unit", "mass_unit"},
```

### Derived Fields

> yt are able to provide some derived fields from existed fields, e.g. "cell_volum". Fields related to element species can be created according to primordial abundances of H and He, through `default_species_fields` ("neutral" and "ionized") parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
yt is able to provide some derived fields from existed fields, e.g., `"cell_volume"`. Fields related to element species can be created according to primordial abundances of H and He, through `default_species_fields` (`"neutral"` and `"ionized"`) parameters.
```

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```python
```
